[Music]
hi Tanya
welcome to my kitchen today I'm going to
show you how to prepare iake this is a
recipe I got from my mom and we're going
to be preparing today a pair of easy
answer which is yaki with meat and those
our favorite of sebastian's
and there are so many different types of
pierogi they can be done with meat with
cabbage with the fruits sweet sour spicy
whichever whichever way you want to go
you can go with P okey but today let's
make Sebastien healthy let's have a look
at the ingredients so you know what you
mean
[Music]
I am starting with my need I'm putting
it into the large part together with
half of the onion
my dried mushrooms baby few peppercorns
and the teaspoon of salt and then I'm
going to add enough water just to cover
the meat okay and then on medium
medium-high heat I'm going to be cooking
it for an hour right this is ready
it's time to fish it out so we take our
onion the dried mushrooms and the meat
out and then we let it cool it a little
bit so it doesn't burn our fingers but
the stock you want to keep because you
might need it later it's pretty fun so I
wouldn't use it for anything else but we
might need a few tablespoon or half a
cup for the stuffing later on okay our
milk cook meat cool down a little bit
and I'm going to cut it into smaller
pieces just so much easier to use the
grinder and later here we go through the
grinder goes the meat the onion and the
dried mushrooms now if you do not have a
grinder you can use the food processor
for that as well you just you just need
to make sure that the meat is very well
processed
in goes the onions
[Music]
and the mushrooms and then on my frying
pan I have around the tablespoon of oil
I'm adding my own urine that's the other
half of the onion which I chopped finely
and I'm going to be cooking it for 3-4
minutes until it's nice soft and cloth
just like that
and now we adding our onion to the meat
[Music]
and then adding some salt and pepper
okay and now we start mixing it so first
I'm working with my spoon and then I'm
switching to my hand I'm going to be
working on my meat for around five seven
minutes it just needs to get elastic and
in my case it was a little bit dry so I
added 1/2 a cup of the of the juice
again of the stock sorry and then we
work it some more and now the best thing
is to do the stuffing one day and then
the pierogi the other day but you could
do it right right now but for me that
was evening and I just packed it nicely
with the aluminium foil and I put it in
the fridge now the next day I started
with putting water into my largest pot
added a teaspoon of salt and let it
bring to a boil and in the meantime into
my food processor I'm adding the flour
[Music]
yes and then teaspoon of salt and then
I'm going to process it just a little
bit so the salt mixes with the flour
here we go with Moses full time yes here
we go
it's done and then slowly here in the
cup I have water which was just boiling
it's not boiling hot but it's still very
very warm very slowly I'm adding it into
my food processor and as you can see
when it starts forming a bowl like this
I'm checking if it's soft and then you
should run it for another minute or so
and then it's ready
go lightly flour the surface transfer
our so an end and now I'm going to need
it a few times but it gets elastic and
not sticky very quickly okay so now I'm
cutting it in half 1/2 I'm putting four
later on into a ziploc bag and the other
half we're going to be rolling and it's
a lot of rolling and flipping the dough
so it doesn't stick to the table here we
go we wanna roll it pretty thin between
one and two millimeters it also depends
how you like it
you might wanna add a little bit thicker
or a little bit thinner for me I like it
around two millimeters I don't like it
too too thin here we go and then with my
class I'm cutting circles and then I'm
taking the remaining dough and I'm going
to put it add it to the rest of the here
we go dough into my foot lock bag just
so it doesn't dry out and we can still
use it
now my my plate I'm sprinkling with the
flour because I don't want my pirogue to
stick and then
I'm putting water on the side just my
mom told me gonna in case my PA rocky
are getting too dry and they don't wanna
close I want to put a little bit of
water on the edges I did not have that
problem okay so I'm picking up my dough
very important the circles you want to
flip it over so you're closing it with
the sides which was laying on the table
you put one tablespoon of the stuffing
and then you nicely close it and then at
the end I added a little bit of a
decoration there here we go so you
stretch it out yep then you flip it and
then tablespoon of stuffing we squeeze
it in kind of we stretch the dough
around here we go close it and make a
little decoration here we go okay so
when we done with all the circles our
water is boiling now so gently and
carefully so you don't get burned you
put all your pirogue inside now do not
overcrowd if you don't have the big pot
like this just make it in in portions
okay with the wooden spoon I'm going to
stir it a little bit so they don't stuck
to the bottom and then when they float
up it means that another minute and they
are ready so I spread my serving plate
with a nonstick spray
to fish out our Pierrot game
[Music]
off we go
okay and now we want to spray them on
top as well with a little bit of a
nonstick spray and then there are many
ways of serving pierogi but one of them
is just to fry them on a little bit of
oil
that's favorite of Sebastian so that's
what I'm doing here but you could just
serve them from water with some sour
cream you could serve them with some
fried onion or with some fried bacon and
onion different ways but today we're
going to serve them right that's how it
looks like I hope guys you enjoy the
recipe you please let me know what you
think and I will see you next time bye
[Music]
you